Add dotnet docs (#7474)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io: content/en/docs/languages/dotnet/metrics/_index.md

---
title: OpenTelemetry .NET Metrics
linkTitle: Metrics
description: Use OpenTelemetry .NET to collect and export metric telemetry data
weight: 20
---

This section contains information about using OpenTelemetry .NET for metrics.

OpenTelemetry .NET Metrics provides a way to collect measurements about the

> execution of a computer program at run time. OpenTelemetry considers metrics to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execution of a computer program at runtime. OpenTelemetry considers metrics to
```
